Inspecting Receipts (#206)
risc0/website: docs/zkvm/developer-guide/inspecting-receipts.md

> # Inspecting Receipts

Reviewer: Maybe just "Receipts"? (and in the sidebar as well)
```suggestion
# Receipts
```

> ## What is a receipt?
> When you execute your [zkVM application], the output of your application is paired with a [receipt]. 

Reviewer: What do you think of adding a punchy, undetailed 1-sentence summary? E.g.
```suggestion
## What is a receipt?
A receipt gives the results of your program along with proof that they were produced honestly.

When you execute your [zkVM application], the output of your application is included in a [receipt]. 
```
